README.md, before:

# Friend List
A non-trivial (yet simple) redux + react-router example.

![alt tag](friendlist.gif)

## The Problem
Create an app with a dynamic and searchable list of data that keeps a search input text query in sync with the URL via a query parameter at all times. Assume the data will be fetched from some API and the API will perform the actual search. The query should be a simple string and kept in sync with the URL via a query parameter 'q' (ex. localhost:3000/?q=batman).

This problem is harder than it first appears, actions must be managed in the correct order, and if not can result in infinite loops and other undesirable behavior.

## The Spec
- Hit the API **once and only once** per query change.
- When the query updates -> update the URL and fetch results from the API.
- When the URL updates -> update the query and fetch results from the API.
- The browser's back / forward buttons should keep the app state (query + results) in sync with the URL (this is a gotcha if not thought about carefully).
- No optimizations (like cacheing previous queries) should be made, however the app should not be designed in a way that prevents this.

## Solutions
Currently there are three solutions (each in their own subdirectories - see explanations below).

Each of the three have similar structure (identical store state + hitting the same mock API). The differences being when and where the app reads router state and when and where the app dispatches actions.

Refer to \*/index.js and \*/containers/FriendSearchView.js for differences in the approaches.

### To run
First clone the repo.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/DerekCuevas/friend-list.git
```

Then cd into an example, 'npm install' and 'npm start' to get going.

```sh
cd friend-list/imperative-solution/ # or the others
npm install
npm start
```

### The solutions

#### Basic approach:
Currently the most straightforward of the three, logic for dispatching actions and reading router state is all contained in react components. (full solution - [/imperative-solution](imperative-solution/))

#### Part "observable" approach:
This solution takes advantage of redux's implementation of the 'observer pattern' and makes fetching results from the API (via dispatching the fetchFriends action) a side effect of updating the query. Logic for dispatching these side effects are managed with redux's store.subscribe() (see - [index.js](part-observable-solution/index.js#L14)). (full solution - [/part-observable-solution](part-observable-solution/))

#### Extended "observable" approach:
This approach builds on the patterns used in the part "observable" approach. Dispatching side effects of updating the URL are managed with react-router's (history's) browserHistory.listen() method. (see - [index.js](better-observable-solution/index.js#L28)) (full solution - [/better-observable-solution](better-observable-solution/))

#### Others
Please send in a pull request if you have a better solution.

Commit message:

updated readme - added examples specific readmes

README.md, after:

# Friend List
A non-trivial (yet simple) redux + react-router example.

![alt tag](friendlist.gif)

## The Problem
Create an app with a dynamic and searchable list of data that keeps a search input text query in sync with the URL via a query parameter at all times. Assume the data will be fetched from some API and the API will perform the actual search. The query should be a simple string and kept in sync with the URL via a query parameter 'q' (ex. localhost:3000/?q=batman).

This problem is harder than it first appears, actions must be managed in the correct order, and if not can result in infinite loops and other undesirable behavior.

## The Spec
- Hit the API **once and only once** per query change.
- When the query updates -> update the URL and fetch results from the API.
- When the URL updates -> update the query and fetch results from the API.
- The browser's back / forward buttons should keep the app state (query + results) in sync with the URL (this is a gotcha if not thought about carefully).
- No optimizations (like cacheing previous queries) should be made, however the app should not be designed in a way that prevents this.

## Solutions
Currently there are three solutions (each in their own subdirectories). Check out the README files in each of the examples for example specific details.

Each of the three have similar structure (identical store state + hitting the same mock API). The differences being when and where the app reads router state and when and where the app dispatches actions.

Refer to \*/index.js and \*/containers/FriendSearchView.js for differences in the approaches.

### To run
First clone the repo.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/DerekCuevas/friend-list.git
```

Then cd into an example, 'npm install' and 'npm start' to get going.

```sh
cd friend-list/imperative-solution/ # or the others
npm install
npm start
```

#### Have a better implementation?
Please make an issue or send in a pull request.
